https://projects.100xdevs.com/tracks/nextjs-2/next-2-1

-Supports Async components
-create loading.tsx file which will showup when loading

-create backends in api/ and route.ts file in it and instead of app.get() make export fn GET() - GET endpoint at /api/ route (must be a named export & not default)

------------

-when loader, then how will web crawler perform SEO? -> using Static Site Generation. Give back stuff
When web crawlers (e.g., Googlebot) visit a site, they expect to find fully rendered HTML immediately. This is critical for Search Engine Optimization (SEO) because search engines rely on static HTML content to understand and index your site effectively. If a site is still "loading" due to JavaScript rendering (e.g., client-side rendering or CSR), the crawlers might struggle to index it properly, leading to poor SEO performance.

Static Site Generation (SSG) is perfect for solving this problem because it pre-renders pages at build time, delivering fully rendered HTML directly to both users and crawlers.

------------

-Singleton prisma client

    https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/more/help-and-troubleshooting/help-articles/nextjs-prisma-client-dev-practices

    In development, the command next dev clears Node.js cache on run. This in turn initializes a new PrismaClient instance each time due to hot reloading that creates a connection to the database. This can quickly exhaust the database connections as each PrismaClient instance holds its own connection pool.

    The solution in this case is to instantiate a single instance PrismaClient and save it on the globalThis object. Then we keep a check to only instantiate PrismaClient if it's not on the globalThis object otherwise use the same instance again if already present to prevent instantiating extra PrismaClient instances.

    1.create db/index.ts
    2. Put that code
    import -> import client from "@/db" instead of PrismaClient 

---------
If you want both client components and server components to be able to hit an enpoint like the Signup button (client) using the POST endpoint
and maybe some server component using that same endpoint too.
You can create a server action and put the logic of that endpoint in a fn and "use server"
So, even if client component calls it, the req will go the server which will do the logic and not the browser
------

in user.ts, which had the server action, when i return using Response.json i get this error

```
 ⨯ [Error: Only plain objects, and a few built-ins, can be passed to Client Components from Server Components. Classes or null prototypes are not supported.
  {}] {
  digest: '4277644509'
}
```

The error occurs because you are attempting to pass something that is not serializable (e.g., a Response object) from a Server Action to a Client Component. In Next.js, data passed between Server Components and Client Components must be serializable (e.g., plain objects, arrays, strings, etc.).

Response.json() is not serializable because it returns a Response object, which cannot be passed to a Client Component.

Hence, you wont get any Response back too if u use the Response object.
So just return a regular json 

Key Takeaways

    Always return serializable data (plain objects, strings, arrays, etc.) from Server Actions.
    Avoid returning instances of classes (e.g., Response), null prototypes, or functions, as they cannot be serialized.
    For HTTP-like responses, you can return structured objects with fields like status and data, but not actual Response objects.


